Brayden working (#34)
bitcoin-sv/BRCs: peer-to-peer/0052.md

Counterparty     | The public key of the validation key included in the certificate.

**Where:**
- `xxxxx` is the certificate type ID
- `yyyyy` is the certificate Serial Number

> **NOTE:** The validation key is part of the certificate, so anyone with this key can check the certificate signature.

For signature verification, we specify that the verifier checks the [BRC-3](../wallet/0003.md) signature by using the certificate's validation key as the [BRC-42](../wallet/0042.md) identity private key and the certifier's identity public key as the counterparty.

### Revelation Key Generation

The subject (the person being certified) may use this key derivation scheme to derive the field revelation keys used to encrypt the various fields of their certificate, based on their own identity private key.

BRC-43 Attribute | Value
-----------------|----------------
Security Level   | `2`
Protocol ID      | `authrite certificate field xxxxx`
Key ID           | `yyyyy zzzzz`
Counterparty     | `self`

**Where:**
- `xxxxx` is the certificate type ID
- `yyyyy` is the certificate Serial Number
- `zzzzz` is the field name from the certificate

### Secure Verifier Field Revelation Protocol

> In order to preserve  data integrity we need a way to keep the fields encrypted such that only particular fields can be revealed as needed.
> We define a standard why to do this using a keyring structure as defined above.
> 
> When a prover reveals the fields to a verifier, they will follow these steps:
> 
> 1. Retrieve the relevant symmetric field encryption keys
> 2. Encrypt the keys for the verifier following the [BRC-2](../wallet/0002.md) process for counterparty encryption.
> 3. Construct the keyring with the field revelation keys and their associated field names according to the structure defined above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to preserve data integrity, we need a way to keep certificate fields encrypted such that only particular fields can be revealed as needed.
We stipulate the use of a keyring structure for selective field revelation to verifiers. As the keyring is not included in the certificate's signature (only the encrypted field values themselves), verifiers can still check the authenticity of the certificate without access to all keyring keys.

When a prover reveals the fields to a verifier, they will follow these steps:

1. Retrieve the relevant symmetric field encryption keys
2. Encrypt the keys for the verifier following the [BRC-2](../wallet/0002.md) process for counterparty encryption.
3. Construct the keyring with the field revelation keys and their associated field names according to the structure defined above.

For step 2, we stipulate the use of the following BRC-43 attributes when deriving the encryption keys:

BRC-43 Attribute | Value
-----------------|----------------
Security Level   | `2`
Protocol ID      | `authrite certificate field encryption`
Key ID           | `xxxxx yyyyy`
Counterparty     | `self`

**Where:**
- `xxxxx` is the certificate Serial Number
- `yyyyy` is the field name from the certificate
```
